these approaches is this. Now, let's say here the red points and the green points are the points that
you have hyper parameter one and hyper parameter hyper two hyper parameter two. Now these points,
these reds and these greens are the points that the model has already trained on. The whites are
yet to be trained. Now we know that the models performing good in this region and it's not so
good in this region. Now with this information, this information is not used both of in both of grid
search as well as random search. But if this is the information given to you, what would be the value
or what would be the value that you would try for your next iteration? We are more likely to try around
this area, isn't it? Because this is green, this is doing well, right? Because this area is doing
well, we will try and find out for this particular region for the best possible parameter combination.
But we don't take that information account when into account when we are using grid search as well
as random search. So this is exactly what Bayesian optimization is all about. It tries to make use